I'm hearing voices like a madman
And in a blink of a crinkling eye
I'm sinking, our fingers entwined
Cheeks pink in the twinkling lights
Tell me 'bout the first time you saw me
I'll drink what you think, and I'm high
From smoking your jokes all damn night
The brink of a wrinkle in time
Bittersweet sixteen suddenly
I'm watching American Pie with you on a Saturday night
Your friends are around, so be quiet
I'm trying to stifle my sighs
'Cause I feel so high school
(I feel so high school)
Every time I look at you
But look at you
Truth, dare, spin bottles
(yeah)
You know how to ball, I know Aristotle
Brand new, full-throttle
(yeah)
Touch me while your bros play Grand Theft Auto
It's true, swear, scouts honor
(yeah)
You knew what you wanted and boy, you got her
Brand new, full-throttle
(yeah)
You already know, babe